Right in the beginning of this section we've created
answer component by utilizing vue js inline template.
The reason why we use inline template is because we
want to keep our markup that contains laravel authorization
logic. Now since we have rewritten the authorization
logic in javascript and because it's hard to implement
the vue reactive system when adding new answer that's why
here we come back to answer component and we'll make
a lot of changes.
All right let's open up our terminal and then create
new branch by saying git checkout -b lesson
and then let's run web pack by saying npm run watch.
So if you open up the questions show blade php file
here we include another view file answers dot underscore index.
And if we open up answers underscored index blade php
here we loop all answers.
So here we need to move everything
inside this  file into answer dot vue file
And then we do another component as parent
component that will loop each answer component
so let's selecting everything
inside this answer tag
copy go to answer dot vue add
template tag
and paste the markup
here since we are in vue component let's replace the
php variable in this model property to javascript
variable.
Let's also do the same thing in model
property inside user info component.
Then let's replace the laravel authorization checking
on edit and delete button with our javascript
authorization function.
Let's get rid of the can directive from our buttons
And here we simply say v-if authorize
modify answer
let's copy this code.
And then paste it here
all right I think
that's all we need to do in this answer companion.
The next thing that we need to do is loop this answer
component in the parent component by utilizing
vue js list rendering.
But before that of course we need to create the parent component. So let's open answers _index.blade.php
copy everything inside if statement
Then go to assets js components and then create
new file here I'm going to call it answers dot vue
so answers in plural
then add template tag and paste the markup inside
we don't need this layouts messages anymore.
So let's move it.
And then let's replace this foreach loop with vue js list rendering
or utilizing v-for directive in this case.
So answer v-for answer
in answers
and we need to bind the answer property that are
needed by this component with answer that come from
here.
And start from 2.2
we need to provide a key when working with the v-for
If you're using Visual Studio code like me
you'll get errors if you don't provide the key
next let's hide the answer container
If there's no answer to be displayed
so we can go to parent element
and add v-if
count is greater than zero
or we can make it more simpler just like this.
All right
The last thing that we need to do in this
template is to change the heading two
here
let's put this string concatenation into computed property
so here we can simply say title
Now let's add a script tag
lets add props property and in here
we need answers and count
and then lets also add computed property
in here
let's define a new method that will house
the string concatenation for our heading.
Here we simply say return this dot count add a space and then
if count is greater than 1 we'll say and answers in plural
otherwise answer in singular.
okay
I think that's all we need in this script.
Now let's register this answers component globally in app dot
js
duplicate this line
Change the name to answers and then
require components answers dot vue
Now since the answer component will
only available in answers component
So here let's remove this line
then back to answers component
and then define it here by saying import answer
from dot forward slash answer dot vue
then add components property
and add answer.
Last let's switch to questions
show blade php
And then replace this blade include directive with answers
bind the answer with
question answers
bind the count
with question
answers count
let's save all changes
and see if everything is still working fine.
Oops I forgot to start the server
let me run that.
Something went wrong
all answers are gone.
Let me open my browser console.
Here I get error count is not defined
Here I made mistake it should be
this dot count
So here I'll change to this dot count save
reload
All right
Now all answers come back. Here
I want to make sure that the other components still working.
OK so far so good.
Now let me open vue developer tool
Here we can see the answers component.
And inside this component we'll see some answer component.
OK
That's it for this lesson. In the next lesson
We are going to build a feature to load more answers.
So we limit the answers on the first load and then
we'll show button on the bottom here and when
we hit that more answers will be displayed.
The button will be hidden when no more answers are found in database.
So let's commit all changes to our git repo then
take a break and join me in the next lesson.